gh-128317: Highlight today in colour in calendar CLI output (#128318)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-12-29-00-33-34.gh-issue-128317.WgFina.rst

> Highlight today in colour in calendar's CLI output. Patch by Hugo van

Reviewer: It's nice to have references to modules in the changelog as well.
```suggestion
Highlight today in colour in :mod:`calendar`'s CLI output. Patch by Hugo van
```
